tmd produces high technology products
particularly focused on the aerospace
industries around I core competences of
RF and high voltage design so we produce
RF amplifiers high voltage power
supplies mainly ferris base and military
customers Tim DS a predominantly export
focused company we sell over ninety
percent of our equipment on the export
market main markets of the US and asia
tim d has a desire to move to become a
lot more tightly integrated business and
that's through from customer
requirements all the way through the
design engineering and manufacturing
process tmd prides itself on being a
market leader in a product development
we need to be right at the edge of
technology in terms of the tools that we
apply to those processes teamcenter has
enabled us to produce what we consider a
21st century design process what
teamcenter gives us is a digital
integration across all of the
disciplines within design engineering
manufacturing production engineering
supplier and customer support what team
center provides is is a single place for
us to be able to find that information
and to transmit it to our suppliers and
our customers and our team in the
factory we can do those things much more
efficiently because of our digital
end-to-end process our aim is to produce
world-leading products and in order to
do that we need the best tools available
and an in n x and Teen Center we believe
with foundland we have a joined-up data
stream we're able to more quickly
respond to requests for concepts from
potential customers and we can join up
our engineering activities be it from a
design point of view or an analysis
point of view the acquisition of NX and
team center we see as part of our
to provide our customers with the very
best technology with production
readiness reviews and development
reviews what we do with our customer
they can see how we use this very
sophisticated technology to design a
good product but will survive in the
harsh environments of these products go
into it and they can see the benefit of
the speed of development using this sort
of technology in new product design
anybody that does new product design
will know that it's a difficult process
and it can be very challenging when the
specifications are pretty much on the
leading edge of technology and it's
important that you understand the
reverberations of the changes you make
the central repository everyone within
the organization knows where to go for
the data and information is quickly
accessible and interrogated teamcenter
has been fundamental in us improving the
design dialogue with our suppliers we've
been able to collaborate with them with
the actual product on the screens
particularly in a 3d way and with a
chassis manufacturer that's quite
fundamental they need to be able to
picture in their minds what it is we're
trying to achieve and by doing that it's
enabled us to have the faster dot design
dialogue and actually get a chassis
build right first time team engineering
we've worked with right from the start
the amount of energy and the amount of
expertise that they had that they were
able to give us was was simply fantastic
in today's competitive world being
faster to market and being able to
respond more quickly is so important
where price conscious where quality
conscious where delivery performance
conscious and team center thanks to the
digital integration that provides
enables us to be able to be better or
all of those things enabling us to be
competitive in that market
you